update(create): Add CA certificate downloading in Dedicated & Premium (#641)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/create/dedicated.md

- **Address**: The IP address.
- **Ports**: `1883` (mqtt), `8083` (ws), `8883` (mqtts), and `8084` (wss) ports are enabled by default.
- **Ports Management**: Allows you to disable or enable an individual port separately.

> - **CA Certificate**: Allows you to download the TLS certificate file and remindes you of the certificate expiration time.

Author: ```suggestion
- **CA Certificate**: Allows you to download a server-side CA-signed certificate file for verification and remindes you of the certificate expiration time.
```
